<h1>QUORUM<h1>
  
 https://i-dat.org/quorum/
 
 Quorum is an i-DAT strategic research initiative that builds on its research strengths in cultural computation, ludic data and playful experimentation with creative technology. Quorum creates playful synergies between audience behaviours, interactive media environments, physical objects (or things) and modern integrative, sub-symbolic, computational techniques.
Quorum is an algorithmic system that feeds off data generated by material and virtual environments and the physical and social behaviour of audiences. It incorporates bio-inspired algorithmic swarm decentralised decision making processes to generate a dynamic and evolving collective behaviour. It is a volatile system of stimuli and response that is manifest as data driven interactive objects, installations and immersive audio-visual experiences.
Quorum proposes new analytical techniques which focus on enhanced audience engagement through the use of Artificial Neural Networks, Self Organising Maps and Deep Learning Networks to innovatively integrate subjective and objective data, considering its temporal and predictive aspects, variety and quality and correlations. through the use of Artificial Neural Networks, Deep Learning and Self Organising Maps.

<h1>QUORUMSCAPE<h1>
 
http://quorum.i-dat.org/quorumscape/

QUORUMSCAPE integrates the Quorum algorithmic tools into a real-time geo-located CityScape simulation. An alpha version was release for the Mediacity conference and SAT ix Symposium, with further upgrades for the the Tate Modern Turbine Hall Festival and the Big Buzz Plymouth event and Cairotronica. A stable distribution with mobile/Samsung Gear VR was commissioned by Design Informatics/Edinburgh University for the Edinburgh Cityscope Project.

The intention with this manifestation of Quorum is to provide a digital voice for the inhabitants of Urban spaces by providing a dynamic visualisation of real-time geo-located data feeds (Twitter, CSV, web sockets, MQTT, etc) which can be displayed on big screens, through projection, Head Mounted Displays, mobile devices and Fulldome immersive environments. These real-time data feeds are filtered through Quorum algorithmic processes to provide sonifications, sentiment terrain/sky maps and other collective behaviour mappings.
